4.4 release page (#1010)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_4/entry-systems-animation-animation-markers.md

---
type: entry
section: systems
subsection: animation
rank: 2
importance: 3
anchor: "animation-markers"
title: "Animation markers"
blockquote: "Put a pin in it"
text: |
  Markers allow you to create subregions of an animation that can be jumped to or looped without playing the entire animation.

>   These markers are also supported inside the Animation Tree, where you can easily select animation markers for looping or to begin playback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These markers are also supported inside the Animation Tree, where you can easily create an AnimationNode’s custom timeline based on the markers.
```
As I pointed out previously in https://godotengine.org/article/dev-snapshot-godot-4-4-beta-1/ by https://github.com/godotengine/godot-website/pull/991#discussion_r1916392195, AnimationTree does not process playingback with markers directly.
